Hi, guys.
Worker in this lecture.
Display the product name.
But before then, recently I got a portrait in which we drastically affect the sales of my course.
So, please, if you have an issue with this course, please do let me know if you have such.
Okay.
So now what we're going to do in this lecture is over here, you're going to have the product name,
and over here we can have the civil rights icon.
Okay, now to do this, we need to go back to our equal rights.
Okay?
Now, we can easily just create a new holder for this that is over this detail directory.
We can create a new directory called We did in Nevada, which is we can create a new file.
What's the case?
Digital rights.
Okay, so we're just going to do it over here.
Okay.
Now, this is this task, which is and we basically use this task in order to place this.
A true icon on top of this image.
Right.
So we are going to need to combat from the stack.
So what you can do is you can add a comma and a way.
How to drink color and use control needs to see.
Okay.
Now, what I said is right.
We're going to have.
The product name and overlay.
We're going to have the.
Civil rights icon.
Right.
Okay.
So Assad is stark.
We can now contain the crisis to the party property.
Okay, then the child is going to be a roll we get.
Okay.
Then you can take multiple widgets it as it should read.
We can just use control B to make this work.
And the first widget is going to be a test.
And it's going to be close.
That's productive.
Right now, we can just see the two string.
I also had shown you how to avoid these two string writes the.
Okay.
I think we need this.
Okay, now we can give some style to this.
You can see test stay.
Okay.
Then we can see once.
Size of 32.
Additional color and fonts, which is going to be fonts which.
That boat.
Okay, great.
Now we can.
How did you come here so late?
And is control necessary and good?
Check what you just did.
You're going to sit here, okay.
Now we can give some breathing space.
You can see it's way too close.
To the top and to the left.
That was the reason we used the container.
So we have access to the pardon property so we can see.
Pardon.
Going to be.
And.
And so it's just symmetric.
Now you're going to argue for the horizontal and vertical horizontal axis to top the bottom.
So you can see evidence of 25.
I'm just going to use control necessary to see what it does.
So this is going to go down a bit.
Okay.
So he wasn't asked to do it.
Left and right.
Right.
Okay.
Now the vertical has to do with top and bottom.
Right.
Okay.
So we can take this to the bottom, ladies.
The vertical.
So vertical or ten.
Okay.
Are the trencor.
So he's going to go down now.
Okay, great.
Now you can then have the icon.
So this is the yet and this is the hand of the first widget.
That is the test.
We can then have the trachoma and then we can have a container.
Okay.
And each side is going to be high.
Calm.
Then I.
Cause.
Okay.
I can't.
I caused that faithful.
Right.
Okay.
I think it is there.
I think it's like this.
Okay.
I'll give you a color and look what it does.
You're going to see the way now.
Okay.
So over here, what we can do is we can then say we have this alignment, so.
Main alignment, main axis.
Elements.
The space between.
Okay.
Great.
It's going to be a no.
Okay.
Then we can change the colour so we can then see colour.
It's going to cost the thread.
Right?
Okay.
And go check it out.
Right.
We can also see if we can change the size.
You can see this icon widget as the size property as well.
So you can see 15 to make this more.
Okay.
Now, one last thing we're going to do is we're going to change your opacity of this white background.
So we're going to go to the top.
Okay.
We're going to see where that knife.
Let's see what it does.
Okay.
I think this is okay.
Right.
I think he's okay.
And we can just go with it and see.
If that is okay by us.
Okay.
I think this is okay.
Right.
So we can go back, click on this and click on this.
Guess it's this great.
Click on this and think of this.
Okay.
Walking through.
Right.
Okay.
So if we have an issue with this course and the issue with the lecture, you don't understand these
to let me know, because evaluating would definitely affect my course.